[build] Apple Silicon M1 build support (#5517)
xamarin/xamarin-android: Documentation/building/unix/dependencies.md

    error : Could not find required program '7za'. Please run: brew install 'p7zip'.

<a name="homebrew" />

## Homebrew

[Homebrew](https://brew.sh) must be installed and available via `$PATH` in
order to provision xamarin-android.

> When building on M1 machines, use the **arch**(1) command to allow Homebrew

Reviewer: I think this would be more future-proof once M2 and later processors come out:

```suggestion
When building on Apple Silicon (ARM64) machines, use the **arch**(1) command to allow Homebrew
```

Author: This change has been made.  Thanks!
